>Apartment
Near Oregon Convention Center:Our permitted 1 BR apt was added to our basement 3 years ago & looks new.  It has a queen bed plus a sofa bed in the LR. Feel at home with 2 cable TV's, full kitchen, tiled bathroom, waher & dryer!
75:2
1:4:35
Portland's best kept secret…:This private apartment is centrally located in the heart of Portland. We are walking distance to the Convention Center, Max line, and great bars and restaurants.  Downtown, Hawthorne, and Alberta neighborhoods are all only a 15 min bike ride away!
89:2
1:6:55
The Nest:Beautiful, brand new 900 square foot private apartment located in the Hollywood neighborhood.  We do not allow children or pets!  Central PDX location.  10 minutes from MAX line, 5 minutes from bus line.  This apartment is fully loaded with all the comforts of home.  Parking included.
80:4
2:5:55
Cozy APT in center Portland Oregon:Home feeling apartment conveniently located at central Portland area for short term renting. 2 min walk to Llody Center shopping mall, 5 min walk to Max Station, walking distance to many small Aisan restaurants and 2 major chain supermarket.
75:2
2:4:45
<
>House
Classic NW Villa:Private Villa  with views, on one of the most sought after streets in the NW Portland neighborhood. This really is a 5 Star property!! This really is a unique property, because  the prominent, stylish location has both privacy in Portlands best neighborhood, and accessibility to everything.
230:4
This villa has everything you’d need, wifi, cable, washer/dryer, liquor cabinet:300:Y
Vintage Modern Urban Oasis:This unique modern home, surrounded by trees and perched above the trendy shopping and dining district of Nob Hill, is a perfect place to settle in and get to know Portland. 
250:5
Forest Park trails are just steps away and minutes from downtown Portland:250:N
Bud & Breakfast:Greeley Manor You're not a guest, you're family! 
250:5
Easy access to freeway, public transit, downtown, close to PCC Cascade, U of P, Adidas HQ and Swan Island, Breakfast daily:150:N
<
>Room
Close to downtown Portland:We have a private room with a double bed and a full bath in our townhouse in NE Portland close to downtown and public transportation.  It's in a quiet neighborhood close to areas with great dining within walking distance.
100:2
No smoking, pet deposit is $75 additional. Free wifi but no funny stuff over the web. Don’t mention the scar on the left cheek of the owner.:75:N
Little Russian Art Studio:Comrades! It’s Petrograd via Portland at immaculate working artist’s studio in inner N
75:2
Smoking and drinking coffee mandatory.:100:N
Suite by University of Portland:Large basement suite w/ separate entrance perfect for visitors to the University or long weekends exploring Portland.
90:3
No smoking, pet deposit $65 but for dogs only. Really, that the only animal you should travel with.:120:N
<